feat: `NONE` format for key-less streams (#6349)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/developer-guide/serialization.md

ksqlDB supports these serialization formats:

> -   [`NONE`](#none) used to indicate the data should not be derialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [`NONE`](#none) used to indicate the data should not be deserialized.
```

Reviewer: Also, can we move this to the end of the list? Seems confusing to have it as the first item (before the actual formats).

Author: I deliberately put it at the top of the list as it's a 'special'  format.

Reviewer: I realize but it still feels a bit jarring to have it listed first since it's usage will be relatively uncommon. If the goal is to call attention to the format as being different from the others, maybe we can split this list into two: one for "regular formats" and one for "special formats" or something similalr.

-   [`DELIMITED`](#delimited) supports comma separated values.
-   [`JSON`](#json) and [`JSON_SR`](#json) support JSON values, with and within schema registry integration 
-   [`AVRO`](#avro) supports AVRO serialized values. 
-   [`KAFKA`](#kafka) supports primitives serialized using the standard Kafka serializers. 
-   [`PROTOBUF`](#protobuf) supports Protocol Buffers.

> All formats are supported as value formats. Only a subset of formats are

Reviewer: This is no longer true if the `NONE` format is not supported as a value format.

currently supported as key formats. See individual formats for details.

### NONE

| Feature                      | Supported |
|------------------------------|-----------|
| As value format              | No        |
| As key format                | Yes       |
| [Schema Registry required][0]| No        |
| [Schema inference][1]        | No        |
| [Single field wrapping][2]   | No        |
| [Single field unwrapping][2] | No        | 

The `NONE` format is a special marker format that is used to indicate ksqlDB should not attempt to 
deserialize that part of the  {{ site.ak }} record.

It's main use is as the `KEY_FORMAT` of key-less streams, especially where a default key format 

> has been set, via `ksql.persistence.default.format.key`, that supports Schema inference. If the

Reviewer: Add link to config?

key format was not overridden, the server would attempt to load the key schema from the {{ site.sr }}.
If the schema existed, the key columns would be inferred from the schema, which may not be the intent.

> If the schema did no exist, the statment would be rejected.  In such situations, the key format can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the schema did not exist, the statement would be rejected.  In such situations, the key format can
```

be set to `NONE`: 

```sql

> CREATE STREAM KEY_LESS_STREAM (

Reviewer: nit: "keyless" is usually one word?

    VAL STRING
  ) WITH (
    KEY_FORMAT='NONE',
    VALUE_FORMAT='JSON',
    KAFKA_TOPIC='foo'
  );
```

> Any statement using format `NONE` that defines columns will result in an error.

Reviewer: Clarify that it's only columns for the relevant portion of the record that fails the statement? I know it's clear after a moment's thought but on first read this sentence as written is confusing, especially given the immediately preceding example that defines columns.

There's also room for misinterpretation in light of the discussion about schema inference above, which is a different scenario under which columns might not be defined.

If a `CREATE TABLE AS` or `CREATE STREAM AS` statement has a source with a key format of `NONE`, but
the newly created table or stream has key column, then you may either explicitly define the key 
format to use in the `WITH` clause, or the default key format, as set in `ksql.persistence.default.format.key`

> will be used.

Reviewer: What about the reverse scenario: the source stream has a key format defined and the CSAS removes the key (via `PARTITION BY NULL`). Does the user need to explicitly set the key format in the CSAS to `NONE`? I assume not, could be good to clarify in the docs.
